CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Roblox organization for MMA Fighters

# Places 

We are using multiple places to handle the development stages:
- 🥊 MMA Fighters 🥊 : this is the public place, only Seb will deploy updates onto this one
- MMA Fighters [LABS] : this is a sandbox place that can be updated at any time just to experiment internal features
- MMA Fighters [TESTING] : this is our integration place where we are co developing (Oriane, Adnan and Seb), currently it's not Rojo synced so we need to be careful on overwriting the work of others and I recommend a regular update through the Devs whatsapp to warn the others devs about our own current work
- MMA Fighters [VENUM] : this will be used by the DA only to sketch a VENUM arena, normally no script associated we will reintegrate this work later into [TESTING] 

# Test experience
To perform real integration tests we will use the dedicated private experience: https://www.roblox.com/games/110103729488462/PREVIEW-MMA-Fighters

When all the tests are done and OK, Seb will deploy [TESTING] into the public place and inform the players through the [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/wFjtxkqXQe) 

# Source code

- On a daily basis I will update the scripts on the repository https://github.com/champsavenue/mma-fighters to reflect the current state of MMA Fighters [TESTING]

- Watch out this repo contains only the Lua scripts and not the game assets

- You can use this [release](https://github.com/champsavenue/mma-fighters/releases/tag/exclusible-v1.0.0) as the reference provided by Exclusible 

# Workflow

1. if needed experience your next feature into [LABS]
2. once ready, integrate it into [TESTING]
3. warn the other devs about potential impacted files 
4. when feature is ready: ping Champs team
5. Seb will publish the latest version into the public place
6. Seb / Gautier will inform of a new patch on the [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/wFjtxkqXQe) Discord

Commit message:

Update workflow with testing phases

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Roblox organization for MMA Fighters

# Places 

We are using multiple places to handle the development stages:
- 🥊 MMA Fighters 🥊 : this is the public place, only Seb will deploy updates onto this one
- MMA Fighters [LABS] : this is a sandbox place that can be updated at any time just to experiment internal features
- MMA Fighters [TESTING] : this is our integration place where we are co developing (Oriane, Adnan and Seb), currently it's not Rojo synced so we need to be careful on overwriting the work of others and I recommend a regular update through the Devs whatsapp to warn the others devs about our own current work
- MMA Fighters [VENUM] : this will be used by the DA only to sketch a VENUM arena, normally no script associated we will reintegrate this work later into [TESTING] 

# Test experience
To perform real integration tests we will use the dedicated private experience: https://www.roblox.com/games/110103729488462/PREVIEW-MMA-Fighters

When all the tests are done and OK, Seb will deploy [TESTING] into the public place and inform the players through the [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/wFjtxkqXQe) 

# Source code

- On a daily basis I will update the scripts on the repository https://github.com/champsavenue/mma-fighters to reflect the current state of MMA Fighters [TESTING]

- Watch out this repo contains only the Lua scripts and not the game assets

- You can use this [release](https://github.com/champsavenue/mma-fighters/releases/tag/exclusible-v1.0.0) as the reference provided by Exclusible 

# Workflow

1. if needed experience your next feature into [LABS] or a private place
2. once ready, integrate it into [TESTING]
3. warn the other devs about potential impacted files 
4. when feature is ready: ping Champs team
5. Update the status of your task into [issues](https://github.com/champsavenue/backlog/issues) and/or the [excel sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1LKraOAYZHdQdy9btaJUhLKnSV3jKDUCjEELOPNwvxZ0/edit?gid=359677304#gid=359677304)
6. we will test first in studio between devs
7. Seb will publish the TESTING version into the [PREVIEW](https://www.roblox.com/games/110103729488462/PREVIEW-MMA-Fighters)
8. we wil test again in real mode with the extended teams (Champs + Devs)
9. If test OK, Seb will publish the TESTING into PUBLIC
10. Seb / Gautier will inform of a new patch on the [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/wFjtxkqXQe) Discord
